USER MANUAL
SECURE PLUS | SECURE PRO
DEADBOLT EDITION
About Lockly™ Secure, Secure Plus and Secure Pro
Lockly™ Secure, Secure Plus and Secure Pro are keyless smart locks equipped with the 
patented PIN GenieTM, which is a peep proof and hidden camera proof algorithm software. 
Lockly™ makes your life easier and safer. 
For digital versions and instructional videos, please visit the following link:  
Lockly™ Smart Lock - Secure
Lockly™ Smart Lock - Secure Plus
Lockly™ Smart Lock - Secure Pro
U.S. Patent No. 9,665,706
Other Patents Pending With All Rights Reserved
 http://lockly.com/help
Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
2.1     Product Overview - Outside
2.2     Product Overview - Inside
2.3     Understanding Your New Lock
2.4     Factory Reset
2.5     Keypad Display Switch
2.6     Rebooting Lockly™ Secure
2.7     Low Battery
2.8     Changing The Battery    
Section 1 - Product Highlights
Section 2 - Product Overview
Section 3 - Using Your Smart Lock
3.1     Configuring Access
3.2     Entering Programming Mode
3.3     Adding an Access Code
3.4     Deleting an Access Code
3.5     Checking an Access Code
3.6     Adding a Fingerprint 
3.7     Fingerprint Scanning Directions
3.8     Fingerprint Tips & Troubleshooting
3.9     Deleting Stored Fingerprints
Section 4 - Locking and Unlocking
1.1     Product Features 4.1     Locking / Unlocking using Access Codes
4.2     Locking / Unlocking using Fingerprint
4.3     Locking / Unlocking using App
4.4     Locking / Unlocking using Physical Key
4.5     Safe Mode
Section 5 - Advanced Features 
5.1     Offline Access Code (OAC)
Section 6 - Important Notes
6.1     Important Notes
Section 7 - Cleaning
7.1     Cleaning
Section 8 - Safety Precautions
8.1     Safety Precautions
For additional support, visit http://lockly.com/help
or email help@Lockly.com
1
2
3
4
5
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
13
15
16
19
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
29
30
31
32
Patented Anti-Peep Keypad
Digits are randomly displayed on the key pad ensuring access codes to be undetectable to 
intruders after repeated use. To experience the patented and innovative key pad software, powered 
by PIN GenieTM, please download the PIN GenieTM Vault App from iOS App Store or Google Play. 
Multiple Access Codes & Monitoring
Store up to 8 Access Codes for family, friends, and guests, as well as monitor entry and exit 
records.
Advanced 3D Fingerprint Recognition (Secure Plus and Secure Pro Only)
Biometric Fingerprint Recognition protocol allows up to 99 registered fingerprints to be used and 
accepts only actual fingerprints - preventing lifted prints from being used.   
Complete Privacy
The exterior displayed keypad can be locked and switched off using the simple ON/OFF toggle from 
the inside panel. The owner can prevent others trying to input the passcode from the outside and 
entering the home
 
Offline Access Code (OAC)
The offline access code can allow owners to issue access codes, set the allowed access duration, 
all without Lockly™ ever connecting to the internet, so in case of power outage, you can still 
magically and remotely issue Access Codes without any connection to the web.
Automatic Lock
Owners no longer have to worry about forgetting to lock the door. With Auto Lock enabled, Lockly™
Secure will automatically re-lock the door based on your customized timing set between 5-300 seconds.
Backup Keys and 9V Battery Socket
The door can be opened with physical backup keys. There is also a 9V battery connection socket 
for emergency power backup to access the key pad in case your smart lock runs out of battery.
1.1 Product Features
SECTION 1.1 1
2.1 Product Overview - Outside
SECTION 2.12
Restart Button
Lock Status Icon
Bluetooth light
Power Status
Bluetooth icon
OK Button
Key Hole Cover
9V Battery Emergency 
Charging Socket
Key Hole
2.2 Product Overview - Inside
SECTION 2.2 3
Battery Compartment ( Operated by 4 x AA Batteries)
Battery Cover
Display Keypad Switch
Thumbturn
Beep Alert
Reset Button
Program Button
2.3 Understanding Your New Lock 
SECTION 2.3
The Default Access Code isNOTICE 1 2 3 4 5 6
After the installation of your new Lockly™ , understanding some key functions of operating your 
smart lock is important.  The following guides will walk you through resetting a lock, adding 
Access Codes, deleting Access Codes, adding and deleting fingerprints (Applicable to 
Secure Plus and Secure Pro only) and also how to configure your OAC (Offline Access 
Code).
For any questions you can always visit  http://lockly.com/help for assistance.
Don’t forget that Lockly™ Secure works best with our iOS and Android app.  Please download 
the app by visiting the link below. 
Scan or visit Lockly.com/app
4
2.4 Factory Reset
SECTION 2.4
In order to restore the Lockly™ to factory default settings, you must have your “Initial Code” 
available.  The Initial Code can be found on the Initical Code Card that came with your smart 
lock. (Was n the Quick Start Guide)
After you have the Initial Code ready, push the reset button on the back panel of the Lockly™ 
to perform your reset. See below to see which Reset Process applies for you. Once the smart 
lock has been reset,  all the data previously stored will be deleted. 
2.5 Keypad Display Switch
The exterior keypad screen can be locked and 
turned off by using the ON/OFF switch at the back 
panel (interior) of the smart lock. When it is 
switched off, people who are outside cannot enter 
any access codes to unlock the door.
Reset Button
If Paired with App If Never Paired
Press Reset Button 
for one (1) second
Open the Lockly™
smartphone app to
add your lock using 
the Initial Code
Press Reset Button 
for three (3) seconds
5
2.6 Rebooting Lockly™ SECURE
SECTION 2.6
NOTICE
Reboot Lockly™ in case of dead battery or malfunction. 
No settings will be changed and all Access Codes will still 
be stored within Lockly™.
Press and release the reboot button when you want to reboot the lock. Your Lockly™ will beep 
once after reboot. Only reboot when necessary.
To reboot, find the reboot button located on the bottom of the exterior side of Lockly™ Secure.  
The reboot button is located in the middle of the two 9V battery backup sockets.
You will need something small such as a paperclip, to press the reboot button. Insert the paper 
clip and press down firmly. 
Reboot Button
6
2.7 Low Battery 
SECTION 2.7
When the battery is in seriously low condition, Lockly™ will make continuous beeping
sounds in addition to the flashing low battery icon on the touch screen. You should replace 
batteries immediately to avoid your smart lock from shutting down.
Dead Battery
Condition Indicator Solution
Low Battery .
Battery Icon on the display keypad 
will light up to indicate low battery.
Replace batteries immediately to 
avoid battery failure.  Lockly™ 
Secure can still operate up to 300 
cycles in low battery condition.
When there is no display and sounds;  
and screen is non-functional.
Replace batteries immediately.  
Supplied physical backup keys 
can be used to unlock the door.  
Alternatively, use a 9V battery as 
shown below to temporarily 
activate the lock. 
9V Battery
- +
Your Lockly™ will automatically detect 
battery polarity. So hold your 9V battery 
lead in place against bottom of the 
Lockly™ to temporarily activate the 
screen to enter your Access Code. Be 
sure to hold the 9V battery against the 
contact points located at the bottom of 
the lock until you have successfully 
unlocked your door with your Access 
Code.  Once unlocked, batteries should 
be replaced immediately.
7
2.8 Changing The Battery
SECTION 2.8
Under normal use, the Lockly™ battery will last up to a year.  Please check battery levels 
regularly and change your batteries when the low battery notification is issued.  For best 
practice, always use new batteries.
Open the battery compartment cover and insert four (4) new AA alkaline batteries as shown.
- Make sure the batteries are oriented correctly. 
- Replacing the batteries do not reset stored Access Codes.
- To see a list of recommended brands, please visit http://Lockly.com/battery
8
+
+-
+
-
-
+
-
3.1 Configuring Access 
SECTION 3.1
The Default Access Code isNOTICE 1 2 3 4 5 6
Your new Lockly™ Access Code can be any combination of 6 to 8 digits.
Once a new Access Code is entered, the Default Access Code of 123456 would be deleted.
A Maximum of 8 sets of Access Codes can be stored for use.
How to Use the Keypad
There are a total of five (5) buttons on the keypad as 
shown in the example image to the left.  The numbers in 
each button may differ than what is shown on your 
device than what is displayed here.
To enter your required digit, just simply press the circle 
where your number is shown.  You do not need to press 
the actual number as anywhere within the circle will 
suffice.
The button on the bottom is the OK button. You will be 
pressing this button when you are done entering your 
Access Code. 
OK Button
9
3.2 Entering Programming Mode
SECTION 3.2
Program Button
Add Access Code
ModeNumber
Delete Access Code
View Access Code
To enter Programming Mode, remove 
the battery compartment cover on the 
interior side of the Secure to expose the 
Reset and Program buttons. 
Simply press the Program button to 
enter programming mode. 
Note: Program button will be disabled 
once synced to a smart phone.  Configure 
all settings via synced smart phone.
To end Programming Mode, press the Program button anytime. 
Programming Mode will automatically exit if the keypad is inactive for more than thirty 
(30) seconds.
After entering Programming Mode, you should 
see the screen as displayed to the right on your 
Lockly™ keypad. Follow the following steps to 
add, delete, or check your Access Codes.
10
3.3 Adding an Access Code
SECTION 3.3
While in Programming Mode, 
select “1AD” to add an Access 
Code.  If you are not in Pro-
gramming Mode, please see 
Section 3.2 to enter Program-
ming Mode.
After pressing “1AD” press 
“Pd” to add an Access Code.
Enter your new 6 - 8 digit Access Code and press 
when you are finished.  You will then re-enter the code
to confirm your new Access Code.
Remember, just touch the digit you need within the circle
around each 3 numbers. There is no need to touch the
exact location of the number.  For example, based on the
example image to the left, if you need “1”, you can touch the
upper left button or the lower right button.  For “6”, you 
would touch the upper right button. 
11
3.3 Adding an Access Code (Continued)
SECTION 3.3
If you have successfully entered your new Access Code 
twice, you will see the new code displayed here.  In this exam-
ple, we chose 654321.   Press       to Confirm or       
to cancel.
To exit or cancel, you can always press       or    
If the two (2) Access Codes you entered does not match, 
an error message will appear on the screen (As shown to 
the left).  Press OK to return to the Programming Screen 
and try again. See Section 3.3
OK Button
12
3.4 Deleting an Access Code
SECTION 3.4
While in Programming Mode, 
select “2DE” to delete an 
Access Code.  If you are not in 
Programming Mode, please 
see Section 3.2 to enter Pro-
gramming Mode.
After pressing “2DE” press 
“Pd” to delete an Access 
Code.
OK Button
Example Only
Active Access Codes will then be displayed on the screen 
in sequence from left to right, top to bottom.  In the exam-
ple shown on the left, the Access Code displayed is 
1 3 5 7 9 0 .
Rotate through different Access Codes shown by touching 
any number on the screen.  If you find the Access Code 
you want to delete, simply hold the OK button for 3 seconds.  
(Continue on next page)
13
3.4 Deleting an Access Code (Continued)
SECTION 3.4
Once you have selected the Access Code you want to 
delete, Lockly™ will ask you to confirm deletion by showing 
you the Access Code you are deleting, in this example, 
1 3 5 7 9 0.
Press       to delete, or         to cancel. 
There are two incidents where your Access Code cannot be deleted. NOTE
Only one Active Access CodeNo Access Codes Set
There are no Access Codes set.  
The factory default Access Code 
cannot be deleted.
There is only one (1) Access Code saved in the 
smart lock.  At least one code must be registered.  
Please add another Access Code before attempting 
to delete the existing code.
14
3.5 Checking the Access Codes
SECTION 3.5
While in Programming Mode, select 
“3CH” to check registered Access 
Codes.  If you are not in Programming 
Mode, please see Section 3.2 to enter 
Programming Mode.
Active Access Codes will then be 
displayed on the screen in sequence 
from left to right, top to bottom.  In the 
example shown on the left, the Access 
Code displayed is  1 3 5 7 9 0 .
OK Button
Rotate through the different Access Codes by touching any number on the screen.
To exit Check Access Code screen, simply press the OK button.
If there are no Access Codes registered in your smart lock, 
Check Access Code mode will be invalid.  The default 
Access Code will not be shown on the display keypad, and 
you will see the following screen shown to the left instead.
15
3.6 Adding a Fingerprint (Secure Plus and Pro Only)
SECTION 3.6
In this section, you will learn how to register a fingerprint to your new smart lock.  Fingerprint 
registration is only available in the Lockly™ Secure Plus / Pro, and not available in Secure 
models.  If you have Secure, you may skip to Section 4.1 to learn about locking and unlocking 
your door with Lockly™.
We are using an advanced biometric sensor, providing the most secure fingerprint authentication. 
For security reasons, Lockly™ will only accept fingerprint patterns that consist of cross inter-
section points. Patterns with no cross intersection points will not be acceptable.
Please check your fingers before registration to make sure the finger you want to register will 
be acceptable by our system. Otherwise, use an alternative finger to ensure successful regis-
tration. 
The following examples show which types of fingerprint patterns will be acceptable. It is highly 
recommended to enroll at least one finger from each hand in case the hand you are using is 
unavailable, such as, in instances like if you are holding items in that hand or have sustained 
an injury.
The Secure Plus / Pro can register up to ninety-nine (99) fingerprints. Please read the following 
sections if you want to add or delete fingerprints.  We recommend using your app to add finger-
prints, however, the following section can show you without using the app.
Fingerprint Pattern with 
Cross Intersection Lines
Concentric or Parallel Pattern 
with no Cross Intersection Lines
Fingerprint with Scars or 
Worn Out Ridges
OK Not OK Not OK
16
While in Programming Mode, 
select “1AD” to add an Access 
Code.  If you are not in Pro-
gramming Mode, please see 
Section 3.2 to enter Program-
ming Mode.
After pressing “1AD” press 
“FP” to register a Fingerprint.
Upon pressing “FP”, you will enter Fingerprint Registration Mode and you will see a green 
LED ring light up on the fingerprint panel on the exterior side of Lockly™ Secure Plus / Pro. 
3.6 Adding a Fingerprint (Continued)
SECTION 3.6
Once you’re in Fingerprint Registration Mode you will see 
two numbers displayed on keypad.  The top number is your 
Fingerprint Registration number, in this example to the left, 
“1”. The bottom number will always start with a “6”. 
You must successfully scan your fingerprint six (6) times for it 
to properly register.  Every time you scan your fingerprint, the 
number on the bottom will change, starting from 6 - then 5, 4, 
3, 2, 1, until the fingerprint is successfully registered.
Note: For reference, please keep a record of your fingerprint 
registration number to distinguish whom it was registered to. 
17
SECTION 3.6
3.6 Adding a Fingerprint (Continued)
Scan your finger by lightly placing your designated finger on the sensor until you hear a beep.    
Lift your finger and repeat the process slowly until the digit “6” shown on the screen 
becomes “1”.  If you have successfully scanned and registered your fingerprint, you will hear 
a long beep, and the Bluetooth icon will flash green.
PASS will show on the keypad and press OK to exit.  If you did not successfully register your 
fingerprint, FAIL will show on the keypad.  If FAIL is displayed, press OK to return to the 
previous screen to rescan your finger.  
For instructions on scanning an optimal fingerprint, please proceed to Section 3.7.
OK Button
NOTICE
Please make sure your fingers are clean from dirt and oils 
before scanning your fingerprint.  Make sure the sensor is 
also clean by taking a soft cloth and wiping the surface.
18
3.7 Fingerprint Scanning Directions
SECTION 3.7
The fingerprint sensor equipped in Lockly™ Secure Plus / Pro  is loaded with powerful 
fingerprint algorithms to extract quality features from fingers, even in poor conditions.  
Placing your finger on the sensor correctly helps consistency in fingerprint recognition.  
The following directions and tips will guide you on how to scan an optimal fingerprint 
image.
Sensor
Core
Position your finger on the 
center of the sensor
19
Top View
Side View
3.7 Fingerprint Scanning Directions (Continued)
SECTION 3.7
OK
OK
  Correct   Incorrect
20
3.8 Fingerprint Scanning Tips & Troubleshoot
SECTION 3.8
Tips for Fingerprint Enrollment and Recognition
• Place your finger to completely cover the sensor with maximum contact surface.
• Position the center of your finger (core) to the center of the sensor.
• Hold your finger still for more than a second until you hear a beep.
• Scan a finger that is clean and free from dirt.  If a finger is cracked and dry, lightly moisten 
the finger to improve recognition.
• Children ages 12 and under are not recommended to use fingerprint access due to the 
constant changes of their fingers during growth.
• Elderly with fading fingerprints may have difficulty in recognition.
• If your finger has a cut, scar, or cracked skin due to dryness, try another finger.
Troubleshooting Fingerprints
In case of poor fingerprint conditions
• If wet - wipe excess moisture from finger before scanning
• If dry - moisturize or blow warm breath over finger before scanning
• If dirty - wipe stains and dirt off from finger before scanning
• Make sure the sensor is clean from dirt or smudges - wipe sensor with soft cloth regularly 
For more troubleshooting help, visit http://lockly.com/help
21
3.9 Deleting Stored Fingerprints
SECTION 3.9
While in Programming Mode, 
select “2DE” to delete a Finger-
print.  If you are not in Program-
ming Mode, please see Section 
3.2 to enter Programming Mode.
After pressing “2DE” to delete, 
press “FP” to delete a fingerprint.
Your registered fingerprint 
numbers will be displayed on 
the screen.  Tap number to 
rotate to the next registered 
fingerprint.  When you have 
found the fingerprint ID you 
want to delete, press and hold 
the OK button for 3 seconds to 
delete. (Example shown - “02”)
You will then see a confirmation 
page displaying        and         
with the fingerprint number 
you are deleting displayed in 
the lower left. Select Y to 
delete or N to cancel.
OK Button Fingerprint ID Number
22
4.1 Locking/Unlocking Lockly™ with Access Codes
SECTION 4.1
Lockly™ Secure can be unlocked using 1 of 4 ways - via  your stored Access Code, registered 
fingerprint (Secure Plus / Pro only), smartphone with Bluetooth, or with the physical key 
supplied with your lock.  
OK Button
Three consecutive wrong attempts will put Lockly™ in “Safe Mode”. (See Section 4.5)
Lock your Lockly™ Secure by pressing the OK Button anytime when the door is closed.
Lockly™ Secure will also auto-lock after five (5) seconds after unlocking and opening.
Slide your hand across the screen to activate the 
keypad.
Enter your 6 to 8 digit Access Code followed by 
the OK button.  Press OK anytime to reset if you 
entered the wrong digit.
If the Access Code entered is correct, the door will 
unlock. If the Access Code entered is incorrect, 
Lockly™ will beep twice.
Hold OK Button (3 sec)
You may toggle between two types of keypad displays to 
enter your Access Code. The fixed digit version and 
the PIN GenieTM version (Recommended).  Press and 
hold the OK Button for 3 seconds to toggle back and 
forth between the two keypads.
PIN GenieTM Fixed Digit
23
4.2 Locking/Unlocking Lockly™ with Fingerprints
SECTION 4.2
Place a registered finger to the fingerprint 
scanner located on the exterior side of the 
lock to the right. 
To register a fingerprint, please see Section 
3.6.
If your fingerprint is registered and acknowl-
edged, you will hear a “beep” sound and a 
Green LED will light up on the fingerprint 
scanner.  You can then push down the handle 
and open the door.  
If you see a Red LED, it means your fingerprint 
is not recognized.   You must wait until the red 
LED is off to try again. 
For best fingerprint scanning practices, see 
Section 3.7.
To lock the Lockly™, press the OK Button
anytime when the door is opened.
OK Button
Locking
Unlocking
24
4.3 Locking/Unlocking Lockly™ with App
SECTION 4.3
Scan or visit Lockly.com/app
You must have the Lockly™ iOS or Android app installed in order to lock and unlock with the 
smartphone app.  Please first download the app from the correct store. 
Please see the smartphone app manual to follow instructions on how to connect your app to 
your lock via Bluetooth and learn how to lock / unlock the door using the app. 
25
4.4 Locking/Unlocking Lockly™ with Physical Key
SECTION 4.4
Exterior View
To unlock your Lockly™ using the physical key (supplied), open the key cover on the 
handle by turning the cover counter clockwise  to reveal the keyhole.
Insert your key and turn clockwise or counter clockwise to lock or unlock the door.  
26
4.5 Safe Mode - Overview
SECTION 4.5
Lockly™ will enter Safe Mode when three (3) consecutive wrong Access Codes are entered within 
5 minutes.  When in Safe Mode, the lock status icon         will start to flash.
To disable Safe Mode, you must unlock the door using the correct fingerprint (Secure Plus / Pro ) or 
enter the correct Access Code twice in a row.  Activate the keypad by pressing and holding           
for 3 seconds.
Once the screen is activated, enter the correct Access Code carefully twice, pressing          after 
every time.
If you enter the wrong code, the keypad will then be disabled for 10 minutes. 
Countdown Prompt
(Displayed in Minutes)
Will start with 10 and 
countdown until 0.
You will see a “10” on the screen, notifying the number of minutes that the keypad is disabled 
for.  After 10 minutes, you may attempt to enter the correct Access Code to unlock the door. 
After the second incorrect attempt to unlock the lock with the wrong Access Code, Lockly™ 
will disable the keypad for 20 minutes, displaying a “20” on the screen.  After the third wrong 
attempt to unlock the door with the correct Access Code, the screen will be disabled for 30 
minutes. (Example A and Example B above). 
Note: In order to conserve power, the countdown prompt will only be displayed for 3 seconds.  
You can reactivate the screen by sliding your hand across the screen. 
Example A Example B
27
4.5 Disabling Safe Mode
SECTION 4.5
There are three (3) ways to disable Safe Mode. 
Option 1 - Entering Correct Access Code
Enter the correct Access Code twice (2) when the keypad is available, pressing               
after every time the Access Code is entered.
Option 2 - Lockly™ Bluetooth App
Use the app that is synced to your Lockly™ to disable Safe Mode by unlocking the door.  If 
you have not downloaded the app to use with your smart lock, you won’t be able to use this 
option to disable Safe Mode
Option 3 - Physical Key
There is a pair of keys supplied with your new Lockly™.  You may use the keys to manually 
unlock the door and disable Safe Mode. To learn how to use your physical keys, see Section 
4.4.
While in Safe Mode, the keypad will not be lit up when you are using your Physical Key.
28
5.1 Offline Access Code (OAC)
SECTION 5.1
The Offline Access Code (OAC) is a unique feature of Lockly Secure Deadbolt Edition.  It 
allows you to grant access to guests remotely without guests needing to download the app.
To use the OAC feature, make sure you download the Lockly™ app for iOS or Android first, 
and sync your smart lock to your mobile device.
From there, you can then issue an Offline Access Code within the app.
Go to “Access Management” and choose “Add a New Offline Access Code (OAC)” and 
follow on screen instructions to generate your Offline Access Code.
Understanding Offline Access Code (OAC)
Each lock can issue up to 50 OAC before you have to reset and reissue another set of 50 
codes. Your app will generate some to follow directions automatically for your guests to use.
OAC are issued to the guest by asking them to enter a 6 digit number, followed by a 4 digit 
number, followed again by a 4 digit number, entering            in between every set of numbers. 
See the following example.
234567+0987        0987
Guests’ Access Codes OAC Configuration Number
Sample OAC
Once a sequence like the one above is entered, it automatically activates an OAC to be used 
for a specific duration of time.  In the example above, the Guest’s Access Code will be 
234567 to unlock the door.  0987 is the Configuration Number that sets the total duration of the 
Access Code, whether it’s a 1 time use code, 1 hour duration code, or 30 days.
29
6.1 Important Notes
SECTION 6.1
Auto Lock Feature
Lockly™ Secure can be  programmed to auto-lock between 5-300seconds after the door 
opening.  You can always manually lock by pressing the            button anytime located on 
the bottom of the keypad.
9V Backup Access
When your Lockly™ is out of power, you can temporarily activate the keypad by using a 9V 
battery against the bottom of the exterior side of the smart lock. Please see Section 2.6 for 
more info.
Physical Keys
Even though you have your fingerprints registered (Secure Plus / Pro only) and Access 
Codes stored, it’s always best practice to carry your physical keys with you at all times in 
case for any reason, Lockly™ falls into Safe Mode.
Initial Code 
You may find an Initial Code Card with an Initial Code included in your package.  It is very 
crucial that you do not lose this card.  Please store this card safely as you will need the 
default Initial Code on that card to master reset your lock in case, for any reason, you have 
lost the phone paired to Lockly™ and also forgot your Access Code. 
Troubleshooting
Please visit http://lockly.com/help for troubleshooting and the most frequently asked questions 
and answers.
30
7.1 Cleaning
SECTION 7.1
Making sure your Lockly™ is clean is best practice to ensure optimal product use. Follow the
DOs and DON’Ts below.
DO DON’T
• Rinse the touchscreen with warm 
water prior to cleaning. 
• Use the application of soap with 
a damp, lukewarm cloth.
• Airdry or wipe dry with a soft 
microfiber cloth to avoid scratches.
• Don’t use abrasives, high alkaline 
cleaners, or gasoline to clean your 
lock. 
• Don’t apply cleaning detergent 
directly in sunlight or at high tem-
peratures.
• Don’t leave cleaning detergent on 
the display keypad for long periods 
of time - wash immediately.
• Don’t use scrapers, squeegees, 
or razors.
31
8.1 Safety Precautions
SECTION 8.1
Please read all instructions carefully.  Remind all Lockly™ users of the safety precautions. 
Read the following instructions for your own safety
Do not attempt to disassemble the smart lock by yourself.  It can cause product 
damage, void warranty, and cause injuries.
Do not use any inappropriate tools that can cause damages or malfunction to 
your lock.
Always make sure your door is securely closed and locked when you leave your 
house to prevent unwanted entry. 
Please keep your Access Codes safe.  Restrict access to the back panel of your 
smart lock and check your settings regularly to ensure Access Codes have not 
been changed without your knowledge.
Always dispose of used batteries according to your local laws.  DO NOT BURN.
Unauthorized changes and modifications may void your product warranty.  If you 
have questions or any problems while using your Lockly™ Secure Smart Lock, 
contact our customer service department at help@Lockly.com or visit 
http://lockly.com/help for technical assistance.
32
SECTION 8.1
Warning：
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
(1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference 
received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
NOTE 1: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital 
device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable 
protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, 
uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with 
the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no 
guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause 
harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the 
equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of 
the following measures:
- Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
- Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
- Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
- Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
NOTE 2: Any changes or modifications to this unit not expressly approved by the party 
responsible for compliance could void the user's authority to operate the equipment.
Certified
33
WARNING: This product contains DEHP and other chemicals known to the State of 
California to cause cancer and birth defects,or other reproductive harm. For more 
information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov
